* 03/02/2025
** topics
*** 1. game mechanics
**** stage one (high importance)
1. up down left right (low effort)
2. lake with sides we cannot cross (mid effort)
3. pursuer (high effort)
4. movement mechanics (high effort)
**** stage two (high effort)
4. aesthetics of game
5. damage taken
6. gates opening/ closing
7. refueling 

*** 2. should we start on game development?
    yes
    
** actions
**** implement first point of game mechanics this week
**** drinks
** next meeting
Here we'll decide actions for this week
* 04/02/2025
** topics
1. is done
moving onto 2.

We want the camera to follow
** actions
*** tasks
**** research and prototyping
- movement team: dan and leon
- lake team: leah and casey
- pursuer team: polly and adam
*** adam doing kanban
*** create git branches
- each feature has it's own branch
- each person has their own branch


* 11/02/2025
** topics
*** catch up on progress
**** research and prototyping
- movement team: dan and leon
  95%
- lake team: leah and casey
  80% done
- pursuer team: polly and adam
  95%
  
*** discussion on what to merge and how
- merge movement with pursuer then after this merge lake
- meetup to merge in 2 parts
*** modularising the code (seperate files for seperate features)
- look at polly's branch for cleaning up the repo
** next steps
this week:
    1. one class for each feature
    2. meetup with leah
    3. pursuer and movement team merging to main
    4. lake to main
next week:
    - other stuff
      
* 13/02/2025
** topics
*** merging process
- going with daniels version for movement team
- daniel changing variable names
*** sprint for next week
- Leah:
  lakes development, locks
- Casey:
  camera following and levels
- Polly:
  damage
- Adam:
  path finding ability of pursuer
- Dan:
  fuel system
- Leon:
  game aesthetics
*** readme and uml diagram
* 19/02/2025
Teams meeting, all going well
- Daniel and Leah to refocus on collision mechanics
  * 03/02/2025
** topics
*** 1. game mechanics
**** stage one (high importance)
1. up down left right (low effort)
2. lake with sides we cannot cross (mid effort)
3. pursuer (high effort)
4. movement mechanics (high effort)
**** stage two (high effort)
4. aesthetics of game
5. damage taken
6. gates opening/ closing
7. refueling 

*** 2. should we start on game development?
    yes
    
** actions
**** implement first point of game mechanics this week
**** drinks
** next meeting
Here we'll decide actions for this week
* 04/02/2025
** topics
1. is done
moving onto 2.

We want the camera to follow
** actions
*** tasks
**** research and prototyping
- movement team: dan and leon
- lake team: leah and casey
- pursuer team: polly and adam
*** adam doing kanban
*** create git branches
- each feature has it's own branch
- each person has their own branch


* 11/02/2025
** topics
*** catch up on progress
**** research and prototyping
- movement team: dan and leon
  95%
- lake team: leah and casey
  80% done
- pursuer team: polly and adam
  95%
  
*** discussion on what to merge and how
- merge movement with pursuer then after this merge lake
- meetup to merge in 2 parts
*** modularising the code (seperate files for seperate features)
- look at polly's branch for cleaning up the repo
** next steps
this week:
    1. one class for each feature
    2. meetup with leah
    3. pursuer and movement team merging to main
    4. lake to main
next week:
    - other stuff
      
* 13/02/2025
** topics
*** merging process
- going with daniels version for movement team
- daniel changing variable names
*** sprint for next week
- Leah:
  lakes development, locks
- Casey:
  camera following and levels
- Polly:
  damage
- Adam:
  path finding ability of pursuer
- Dan:
  fuel system
- Leon:
  game aesthetics
*** readme and uml diagram
* 19/02/2025
Teams meeting, all going well
- Daniel and Leah to refocus on collision mechanics
* 21/02/2025
- Leon's boats are looking great. Working on filling in lake artwork
- Leah and Daniel have been working on making sure the boat behaves properly when hitting sides
- Casey's level generation is going ok
- Adam's path finding pursuer is coming along nicely
** next steps
- start merging all features and integrating to main
* 25/02/2025
** topics
- catch up!
** notes
- continuing: Casey, Polly, Leah
- Adam: pursuers with flat levels
- Leah: continuing canal work
***
- Leon and Daniel: TBC
* 06/03/2025
** topics
- catch up
** notes
- Polly has updated the repo with the quantitative evaluation. Leon too
- Polly has been improving her features
- Leah making progress on the forks. She'll next be working on some issues
- perhaps we can look into p5.play or other JS physics libraries
- leon working on main menu
- perhaps we can think about integrating more features to help players with the usability of the game
- adam trying to work out pursuer following the player with new maps

* 25/03/2025
Long hiatus due to Java assignment related concerns
** topics
Daniel has done a go at using p5.play to rewrite some of the code over the weekend.
Leah is going through it
*** p5.play refactor
everyone is on board with this
refactoring rather than restructuring
** actions
going to all try and grok p5 play and think about how we'll go about refactoring for the next meeting
* 03/04/2025
** topics
catch up and planning for next period.
** notes
general catch up and talk about p5 and how we are going to use it in the game.
Leah - canals
Casey - map building
Adam - pursuer
Polly - start menu
Daniel - camera movement

* 08/04/2025
Notes taken by Leon
** Updates

- Leah: Rebuilt canals in p5play lock spins, needs fix
- Daniil: Added camera tracking for boat
- Polly: Enhanced start/info screens, added controls. Advised moving player/canal/pursuer logic to GamePlay class
- Adam: Integrated pursuer follows player "breadcrumbs" when out of sight
- Leon: Sustainability analysis pending Ruzanna's input, added boat animation to p5play

** Merging Process
Polly merges to main
Leah to Adamâ€™s to Daniil to main

** Next Steps
- General: Multi-level support, Level 1 popup instructions, win/lose conditions, Polly to finalize
- Daniil: Collaborate with Leah on canal rubbish generation
- Polly: Implement pause feature
- Leah: Map canal coordinates for water/rubbish, add canal forks
- Adam: Design tutorial level/narrative integration
- Leon: Animate water texture, finalize sustainability doc
* 15/04/2025
** notes
Main branch is in 'docs_refactor'
*** Daniil
He has created a tutorial level and a second level. He is going to go ahead on creating more maps but wanted to bring up how we can approach this going forward

**** discussion on map progression approaches
1. easy/ medium/ hard difficulties conistent across every map
2. difficulty per map

Daniil prefers the first.
Leon and Leah tend to prefer the first approach. Polly likes the idea of setting the difficulty once.

Seems to be general consensus on approach one.

*** Leah
Connecting lakes together in a Network. She has been trying to generalise this to make map creation easier and to create forks in the map.

The focus currenty is on forks. Locks will happen later. Cutting through the jungle with a machete.

*** what Casey could work on
- locks. Link up with leah to talk about this at some point.
- sounds

*** Leon
animations for rubbish in the canals. Water in the canals at a later point.

Randomly generated rubbish in the canal. Ripples around the garbage. Tried webgl but it seemed like too much of a headache. Filled the canals with a translucent colour. He is thinking about adding p5 'noise' but he's not sure.

*** Polly
Made the info screen, and the pause button. Refactored the game control logic entirely. Used the button class.

She has suggested that we jazz up our report by going through previously highly marked projects

*** Adam
Working on pursuer, creates a route based off of the player path. Levels files, making a tutorial level at the moment.

** planning for the report
- Leah is happy to get shifted into working on the report once she has finished with her side.
- Daniil is happy to get started on the report soon.
- Polly would like to add to the report too

*** dates
- Starting now: report
- WB 21/05/2025 planning video
- WB 28/05/2025 making the video

* 18/04/2025
** Daniil
Been working on the UML diagrams. He wants the other members of the group to let him know classes, methods and variables for their respective parts of the code.

** Adam
Has been working on the tutorial level
** Casey
Working on locks. Early stages
** Leah
- Thinking it would be good to be able to control the speed of the boat.
- We need to develop some maps and start mapping out the game.
- Developing the aesthetics
- Locks functioning at a very basic level for prototyping purposes
- Procedural generation is going to be tough as bugs are there.
- Alot of what she's doing ironing out bugs
- Canals now have ends

We need to effectively lock in all the features now and write the game. Level creation and the basic features listed above.

Casey agreed with this and believes more people in the group are needed to be working on these features than are currently. There seems to be general agreement although some feel this is not necessary. No resolution on this
